Add documentation about how to override a sig in Model.rbi (#51)
chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails: README.md

- Named scopes
- Model relation class

> ### Overriding generated sigs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Overriding generated signatures
```

> `sorbet-rails` rely on Rails reflection to generate the signature. There are features we haven't supported yet such as [serialize](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails/issues/49) and [attribute custom type](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails/issues/16). We don't know the sig of a method if you have overridden it as well. However, it is possible to override the sigs that `sorbet-rails` generated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sorbet-rails` relies on Rails reflection to generate signatures. There are features we haven't supported yet such as [serialize](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails/issues/49) and [attribute custom types](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails/issues/16). We also don't know the signature of any methods you have overridden. However, it is possible to override the signatures that `sorbet-rails` generates.
```

> For example, here is how to override sig for a method in a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here is how to override the signature for a method in a model:
```

```ruby

> # in app/models/<model_name>.rbi

Reviewer: I'd suggest not using `<` and `>` because in code below it is unclear whether it is part of the syntax or not.

```suggestion
# in app/models/model_name.rbi
```

# typed: strong

> class <ModelName>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class ModelName
```

  sig { returns(T::Hash[...]) }

>   def <field_name>; end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def field_name; end
```

  sig { params(obj: T::Hash[....]).void }

>   def <field_name>=(obj); end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def field_name=(obj); end
```
